completely refactor README & parts of docs (#3097)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/faq.md

None! No database is required. The filesystem is the database. This image is based on config files that can be persisted using bind mounts (default) or Docker volumes, and as such versioned, backed up and so forth.

### Where are emails stored?

Mails are stored in `/var/mail/${domain}/${username}`. Since `v9.0.0` it is possible to add custom `user_attributes` for each accounts to have a different mailbox configuration (See [#1792][github-issue-1792]).

### How are IMAP mailboxes (_aka IMAP Folders_) set up?

`INBOX` is setup by default with the special IMAP folders `Drafts`, `Sent`, `Junk` and `Trash`. You can learn how to modify or add your own folders (_including additional special folders like `Archive`_) by visiting our docs page [_Customizing IMAP Folders_](https://docker-mailserver.github.io/docker-mailserver/edge/examples/use-cases/imap-folders) for more information.

### How do I update DMS?

**Make sure to read the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)** before updating to new versions, to be prepared for possible breaking changes.

Then, run the following commands:

``` BASH
docker-compose pull
docker-compose down

> docker-compose up -d mailserver

Reviewer: Prior `down` command didn't specify a service, if there's more than one, you probably want to bring them back up too? User should know either way.

```suggestion
docker-compose up -d
```

```

You should see the new version number on startup, for example: `[   INF   ]  Welcome to docker-mailserver 11.3.1`. And you're done! Don't forget to have a look at the remaining functions of the `setup.sh` script with `./setup.sh help`.

### Which operating systems are supported?

> We are currently providing support for Linux. Windows is _not_ supported and is known to cause problems. Similarly, macOS is _not officially_ supported - but you may get it to work there. In the end, Linux should be your preferred operating system for this image, especially when using this mail-server in production.

Reviewer: Revised:

```suggestion
- Linux is officially supported.
- Windows and macOS are _not_ supported and users and have reported various issues running the image on these hosts.

As you'll realistically be deploying to production on a Linux host, if you are on Windows or macOS and want to run the image locally first, it's advised to do so via a VM guest running Linux if you have issues running DMS on your host system.
```
